Do you know
What did you do tonight?
Miaoyin, you are so outrageous tonight
What is the second uncle talking about?
You still pretend to be me, right?
Don't you know what you did?
Who put you on official business?
Say you won't marry the little one?
Who made you lose your life?
To be with that poor boy
My own marriage is my own decision
Dad, did you see that?
Ah!
He is no longer fit to be CEO
Hmph, he did it for that poor boy
Ruined our family's project in case?
Dad should be accepted by me now
Go and pick up that President Wang again
Miaoyin Mom knows you want to find someone you like
Mom doesn't object
But you can't find a poor boy
Mom, this is what grandpa meant.
Hey, grandpa didn't let you marry that poor boy
Grandpa just asked you to marry that Xiao Lingtian
Oh, right.
Xiao Ling has been dead for 7 years
You should marry Xiao Lingqing
Who said Miaoyin had to marry Xiao Lingqing?
He can only marry Xiao Lingtian
You hear me?
You can only marry Xiao Lingtian
As for your Ye Longyuan
Ask him to leave
But Ye Longyuan is Xiao Lingtian
Ye Longyuan is
Pardon me?
Long Yue's vein was abolished seven years ago
After being kicked out of the house, he didn't win
Later renamed Ye Longyuan
Ye Longyuan is Xiao Lingtian
It's better to be a poor boy
Xiao Lingtian is the young master of the Xiao family
You are hated by the lord
Mom second uncle
So my marriage is up to me
I'll figure out this project myself
Grandpa, aren't you related to Tianmen?
Can you use your relationship to go out or suspense?
Don't worry about him.
Ye Longyuan will help
He is the servant of Tianmen